# 315_PrototypeFinal
*****************
_**INTERATION 1**_
*****************
Hypothesis: Previously I had the player able to move the camera movements while using 1st person and kept 3rd person's camera movement static. I wanted to reverse this and have the 3rd person camera movement movable and keep 1st person camera's movement satic. I wanted to see if players would still utilize the two different perspectives.
----
All five players preferred to use the 3rd person movement because it allowed for camera movement. Playtester 6 expressed that it was "more comfortable to see where you are going". However, I want to keep the level challenging by limiting the players perspectives. Although players prefer to use the 3rd person view with the adjustable camera, it makes the level too easy to navigate through. Barely any of the players used the 1st person because it was static, even when they were entering the tunnels in level 4 (from prototype 4). 
Since I used a milkway skybox for all scenes in this prototype, playtester 3 expressed that they would have liked to have seen some use of gravity that could potentionally play into the narrative of the using the milkyway skybox. They also said it would be nice if each level had a different atmosphere, as if the player were to be on a different planet. Playtester 4 mentioned something similar but different. They stated that level 1 did not feel cohesive with the rest of the level due to the vegetation only appearing once. For the next interation I would like to take this into accout and find a good balance between the two feedbacks given. 
I also realized that the controls are not intuitive, as well as the image instructions, and should add an opening scene as a start menu with simple game controls and indication that images are meant to be deciphered to have a better sense of how to navigate the puzzle. 
I did take into consideration bugs from prototype 3 and prototype 4 when meshing the two for my final prototype. For example in prototype 3, each level was in a box but the outer walls did not have collisions and it was not a clear fix. When adding _convex_ to the shapes in pro builder, it then made it impossible for a player to fall vertically through the ground. In order to fix this issues, I removed the boxed and just added cubes that I formed into walls. I then seperated all three levels of prototype 3 into three seperate scenes and had prototype 4 has a fourth scene. I used the BuildSettings in Unity and a simple line of code from the SceneManagement libary to make LevelExits. The LevelExits are simply just cubes without shapes that have a collider which will transfer the player into the next level. 
There are a few minor bugs that will have to be addressed for the next interation. These bugs include the LevelExit in level 3, where the player jumps to level 4 before being able to jump vertically at the end of the level. Another is the player controller in level 2 where the jump is not enabled and the speed of the player is slowed down drastically, many playetesters were frustated and impatient with this. I also need to remove the friction on objects because often players find themselves stuck to an object being falling, this really sucks in level 3 when trying to dodge the moving objects and in level 4 when navigating up the stairs. 
I also will need to add a respawn for when players fall off edges, and add collisions to the moving objects in level 3. I would also ensure that he moving objects in level 3 actually kill a player a force them to respawn at the end of the level. I would like the player to die in someway in each level because I feel like it would add some sort difficulty and/or more challange to the game rather than a simple obstacle course. 
*****************
_**INTERATION 2**_
*****************
Hypothesis: If I add a way (or more) to die in each level, will this make the level more challenging? Will the player become frustrated? 
----
